for many the vehicle however felt no
to count on him as the most important of all
was when to keep looking and emails and
that listens no one looked at my best
I'm talking about that I'm an analyst who keeps
how the insurer would accommodate a name
a mark even though not until this break
it matters
[Applause]
[Music]
santana will come back
so in my life, hello
and then a short time together
to keep
[Music]
OK
bye
Ai, take care, love, of course.
very good regional team lag here pro
future only if we receive it here
here so to my very intuition
happy here sisu
then the people do not want to have an equal number
this failure and Sunday by enabling
the tam entered by the penalty that the name is
there who is until the 30th I left
there the inter and unaffected the promise
win
[Applause]
[Music]
jayme monjardim already for the cast
It's not for me in Portugal's journey .
[Music]
when was easy prey for you to see
that's the dream I have
[Applause]
I was very well talking to you, training.
why not wedding pacheco
[Music]
[Laughter]
to take what was not even irritated
adobe inhabits the ghost now see what
happens or by other premieres on the fh
china came to scratch
when the money there embraced
face if so is not dead
I realize taught that he is
dead he the wall in when I
I thought I thought I 'd hurry to
clicks
look at beaver and have your person
ae